docs: update slack client usage instructions (#1635)
asyncapi/generator: packages/templates/clients/websocket/python/README.md

You can use our AsyncAPI's credentials to access different set of events produced in AsyncAPI Slack workspace, in the `#generator` channel.

> 1. Make sure you are located in `cd packages/templates/clients/websocket/python`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure you are in the `packages/templates/clients/websocket/python` directory.
```
